R UI-89: Provide css variables as part of the npm package (#124)
embeddable-hq/remarkable-ui: README.md

   – Element-specific tokens (namespaced by component, e.g. --icn-btn-background-hover, --dropdown-padding)  
   – Fine-tune individual components without touching global semantics.

## 📦 Installation & Usage

### Basic Setup

```bash
npm install @embeddable.com/remarkable-ui
```

> ### CSS Variables Setup
> 
> Import the CSS variables file to use all design tokens:
> 
> ```javascript
> // Import the CSS variables file
> import '@embeddable.com/remarkable-ui/dist/remarkable-ui/styles/remarkable-ui-variables.css';
> 
> // Import components
> import { Button, Card } from '@embeddable.com/remarkable-ui';
> ```
> 
> ### Component Styles
> 
> Don't forget to import the component styles:
> 
> ```javascript
> import '@embeddable.com/remarkable-ui/dist/remarkable-ui.css';
> ```
> 

Reviewer: i think it would be simpler if we dont separate the variable setup from the component setup - since they cant work without each other.

```suggestion
### CSS Setup

Import the CSS variables file to use all design tokens and the component styles:

```javascript
// Import the CSS variables file
import '@embeddable.com/remarkable-ui/dist/remarkable-ui/styles/remarkable-ui-variables.css';
// Import the CSS component file
import '@embeddable.com/remarkable-ui/dist/remarkable-ui.css';

// Import components
import { Button, Card } from '@embeddable.com/remarkable-ui';
```
